ALGOLAB IN THE ROULETTE ROOM
Statement
It is a very beautiful day outside but ALGOLAB team isn’t very happy. You want to know why? Because they have been kidnapped by evil master because evil master is bothered by the growing numbers of members in ALGOLAB. So, evil master finds the absurd solution of kidnapping the beautiful members and putting them in the roulette room where they must play the game to leave the room and escape. And the winner of the game would be the only one to get to stay in ALGOAB There is no escape. Evil master forcefully makes others quit. But don’t worry ALGOLAB is strong, and the winner would most definitely bring the team back together as the new leader.
There are n members in ALGOLAB: Barış, Fatıma, Sena, Kaan, Meryem and many others. When they come into the roulette room, they can’t see anything at first because the room is dark. But there is a toy gun that has m number of bullet chambers. The toy gun has beads instead of actual bullets. There are only k number of beads in the toy gun placed randomly but unfortunately the members of ALGOLAB lack this information. They could only see the gun and the endless beads scattered around when the lights were opened.

Before they become any more anxious while waiting the evil master comes in to explain the game:
Everyone takes turns shooting the gun to their heads. If the bead touches your head, you quit ALGOLAB and leave the room. But if you don’t, you have to put a bead into the chamber where you fired the gun. The game continues until there is only one person left. Last one standing gets to stay as an ALGOLAB member. You are expected to give the name of the person who gets to become the new leader as the output.
 
Input Format
First line is an integer n, the number of members in ALGOLAB
Next n lines include the string that represent the names of the members
The next line gets the int m which represents the number of bullet chambers
The next line includes the int k that has the number of bullets(beads)
The next k lines include the index value of the chamber in the gun. (index starts at 0 or 1?)
Output Format
The name of the Algolab Beginner’s new lead
 Constraints
•	1≤ n ≤	5000
•	1≤ m ≤k ≤  5000

